according to several versions of the
hadith
regarding the night journey Muhammad was
instructed by Allah to pray as well as
his followers the staggering number of
50 prayers a day these were reduced to a
more manageable 5 prayers a day with the
help of Moses will you elaborate let us
start with a shortened version of the
story first and then the explanations
sahih bukhari hadith one point three
four five narrated by abu dharr a lot
apostle sent while I was at Mecca the
roof of my house was opened and Gabriel
descended opened my chest and washed it
with Zamzam water then he brought a
golden tray full of wisdom and faith and
having poured its contents into my chest
he closed it then he took my hand and
ascended with me to the nearest heaven
when I reached the nearest heaven
I saw a man sitting with some people on
his right and some on his left
I asked Gabriel who is he he replied he
is Adam and the people on his right and
left are the souls of his offspring then
he ascended with me till we reach the
second heaven I would have added that
this prophet met again at Greece Moses
Jesus and Abraham he I would have did
not mention on which heaven they were
but he mentioned that the Prophet met
Adam on the nearest heaven and Abraham
on the sixth heaven the Prophet added
then Gabriel ascended with me to a place
why where I heard the creaking of the
fence they will Haslam and Ana's bin
Malik said the Prophet said then Allah
enjoying 50 pairs on my followers when I
returned with this order of Allah I
passed by Moses who asked me what has
Allah enjoined on your followers
I replied he has enjoined 50 prayers on
them Moses said go back to your Lord and
appeal for reduction for your followers
will not be able to bear it so I went
back to Allah and requested for
reduction and they reduced it to half
when I passed by Moses again and
informed him about it he said go
to your Lord as your followers will not
be able to bear it
so I returned to Allah and requested for
further reduction and half of it was
reduced I again passed by Moses and he
said to me return to your Lord for your
followers will not be able to bear it
so I returned to Allah and he said these
are five prayers and they are all equal
to 50 for my word does not change I
returned to Moses and he told me to go
back once again I replied
now I feel shy of asking my lord again
the story of Muhammad's ascent through
the seven heavens is a variation upon
the one Muhammad copied and altered to
suit himself from the Midrash of the
Jews regarding a similar but prior
experience made by Moses the listener
should be made aware that there is no
mention in this version of the
traditions of Muhammad riding Barack nor
any intermediary visit to the Temple of
Solomon and Jerusalem to get from Mecca
to the seven heavens
if Allah really loved Muhammad as much
as he claims in the Hadees then the
compassionate and merciful Allah could
not and would not have ordered him and
his followers to pray fifty times a day
this would have meant that they would
neither have time to work trade make a
living or sleep since they would have
had to pray every twenty eight point
eight minutes of the day and night
Muhammad slavishly and bereft of any
thought or logic accepted this utterly
untenable and unmerciful instruction
without any prevarication or objection
even as an allegorical story it beggars
belief in his stupidity and blasphemy
for insulting a Las wisdom compassion
mercy and fairness if Allah is the God
of Israel and Jesus it was because Moses
repeatedly insisted that Muhammad should
ask Allah for a reduction of such an
onerous and unreasonable demand that was
ultimately reduced from fifty to five
fares a day that Muhammad could even
have a religion most Muhammad and his
followers Oh Moses an incredible debt of
gratitude
again and again it can be shown that
without a shadow of a doubt the whole of
the cult belief system of Mohammed is
built upon the East amide precepts and
foundations of the Bible as well as upon
almost all the traditions and fetishes
of the pagan Arabs in a different
version of the same story
Sahih al-bukhari at least four point
four to nine
narrated by Malik musasa the Prophet
said while I was at the house in a state
midway between sleep and wakefulness and
angel recognized me as the man like
between two men a golden tray full of
wisdom and belief was brought to me and
my body was cut open from the throat to
the lower part of the abdomen and then
my abdomen was washed with Zemzem water
and my heart was filled with mist wisdom
and belief and work a white animal
smaller than a mule and bigger than a
donkey was brought to me and I set out
with Gabriel when I reach the nearest
heaven in this version Alba rock was
used to transport Muhammad from Mecca to
the first heaven without any landing a
Jerusalem it should be pointed out that
in all the different sources including
Valhalla hadith five point two two seven
and nine point six or eight of the above
story the following extremely important
observation should be taken into account
one in none of them did Muhammad go to
Jerusalem but went directly from Mecca
to the heavens to in none of them did he
pray at Jerusalem three there are
important discrepancies between the
various versions regarding the place
where he was asleep the number of angels
who were present and whom he met in the
different heavens for and none of them
was Barak tied to or as any sacred rock
or wall at Jerusalem five in all of them
it was the advice of Moses which saved
Muhammadan Islam from complete and utter
irrelevance 6 in numerous hadith
Muhammad claims he was the most beloved
of Allah apostles based upon the hadith
it was not through an act of love that
Allah demanded 50 prayers from Muhammad
and his followers 7 all of them attest
that
Mohamed's vital organs were washed and
that he was filled with belief
why was he filled with belief if he was
a sinless as his followers insist in
their dogma or asthma when among all the
above discrepancies is the truth